Symbolic Links
A symbolic link, usually called a symlink for short, is a special kind of file that points to another file or directory.

It's a lot like a shortcut in a GUI. The symlink has its own path, but when you use it, the operating system follows the link to the target.

Link Command
The ln command creates links. To create a symbolic link, use the -s flag:

ln -s target_path link_path

Note, the path to the target comes first, then the path where the symlink will be created. For example:

ln -s documents/important.txt important.txt

That creates a symlink in the current directory named important.txt, which points to documents/important.txt.

You can use either a relative or an absolute path for the target. Both options have tradeoffs!

If you use an absolute path, you can usually move the symlink without a problem, but moving the target will break the symlink. If you use a relative path, the symlink will continue to work as long as its position relative to the target stays the same. For example, you could move a parent directory containing both the symlink and the target.

Symlinks vs. Copies
A symlink is not the same as a copy: it doesn't duplicate the file's contents. It just creates another path that points to the original. That means:

If the target file changes, the symlink shows the new contents.
If you delete the symlink, the target file still exists.
If you delete the target file, the symlink breaks.
You can use ls -l to see where a symlink points:

important.txt -> documents/important.txt

Assignment
WorldBanc's T-Bills product used to live in the credit_cards directory, but now it's in investments where it belongs. Unfortunately, some old documentation still expects to find it at the old path.

Create a symbolic link so the old path still works, without creating a second copy of the file.

Make sure tbills.txt is still in the worldbanc/public/products/investments directory.
Create a symlink named tbills.txt in the worldbanc/public/products/credit_cards directory.
The symlink should point to the existing tbills.txt file in the investments directory. Use a relative target.
Run ls -l on the credit_cards directory to confirm that the symlink exists.
Paste the line from ls -l that shows the tbills.txt symlink and submit it.