Variables
If you're using Ubuntu on WSL, you're probably running a Bash shell.
If you're using macOS, you're probably running a Zsh shell.
If you're running full Linux, I pray you already know what you're using.
The point is that you're probably using Bash or Zsh, and for the purposes of this course, they're basically the same.

Both Bash and Zsh are shells, and they also happen to be powerful programming languages. They have variables, functions, loops, and more. That said, only crazy people write large programs in shell languages... shells are optimized for running other programs and writing small scripts, not for writing large applications.

Create a Variable
name="Lane"

Notice there are no spaces between the variable name, assignment operator = and value "Lane".

Use a Variable
Starting a line with the $ symbol is a convention to show it's a shell prompt, and it should not be typed. The actual command is echo $name.

$ echo $name
Lane

Unlike in Python, where you can just use a variable's name, in your shell you need to prefix the variable name with a $ to use it, else it would just print name instead of the value.

Interpolate a Variable in a String
$ echo Hello $name
Hello Lane

It's really just that easy.

Assignment
For the rest of this course, you'll be a forensic developer hired by the fictional "WorldBanc" to investigate a security breach. Like most mega-corporations, they don't know what they're doing, but they're happy to overpay you to come in so that they can say a "third-party expert" has reviewed their systems.

Turns out, you're not an expert, but you're happy to learn on someone else's dime, so why not jump at the opportunity? Right?...

...Anyhow, you'll be using your terminal and shell to traverse files, manipulate text, run programs, and investigate suspicious activity.

Set the following three variables in your shell:
bankname="WorldBanc"
founded="1969"
ceo="Jeff Gates"

Write and execute a command that will print the following using echo and the dynamic variables you just set:
WorldBanc was founded in 1969 by Jeff Gates

Paste the entire command that generated the correct output into the text field and submit it.


-- echo $bankname was founded in $founded by $ceo